IMPORTANT_NOTES							May/20/2011
								Erik Kluzek

Configure Modes NOT scientifically validated, documented, supported or even advised to be used:

   C13 		(-c13)
       The C13 mode for bgc=cn is NOT scientifically validated or documented and NOT recommended to be used.

   CASA 	(-bgc casa)
       The bgc=casa mode is NOT scientifically validated or documented and NOT recommended to be used.

   SNICAR_FRC 	(-snicar_frc)
       This mode is tested and functional, but is NOT constantly scientifcally validated, and should be 
       considered experimental.

build-namelist items that are NOT recommended:

-lnd_res 

This is the option to turn on the fine-mesh mode of CLM, running CLM at a finer
resolution than the atmospheric forcing. This is an experimental mode and NOT recommend
for general use. This is turned on adding topo files to the namelist and entering
datasets at different resolutions for the atm and lnd grids.

Namelist items that should NOT be exercised:

  suplnitro='ALL'        (suplnitro='ALL' with -bgc cn)
                         The suplemental Nitrogen mode of the CN model is known 
                         to be too productive.
  urban_traffic:         Not currently functional

  fine-mesh namelist options: fatmtopo and flndtopo

        As above the fine-mesh mode is experimental and NOT recommended for use.
        Although "flndtopo" is used when the land-ice model is active.

  casa namelist options: lnpp, lalloc, q10, spunup, and fcpool

        As above CASA is NOT scientifically validated and hence we don't recommend using it, thus we don't
        recommend using the casa namelist options (they are only available when running with CASA).

   fget_archdev:         This retrieves files on the namelist from an archival storage
                         system. In general the CESM scripts take care of this before
                         namelists are generated and hence this is redundant. As such
                         this feature isn't tested and NOT recommended for use.

See KnownBugs/KnownLimitations files for Known Problems:

    See the KnownBugs file in this directory for the list of known problems. We expect
    that eventually we will fix the bugs in this list. In the KnownLimitations file
    we list limitations in the code that we have workarounds for that we do NOT expect
    to fix.


